Add insfrastructure folder to project template (#577)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/guide/README.md

In the `my-project` folder you'll have following items:

- `infrastructure/`: Directory for initial infrastructure commands. For more details please read `infrastructure/README.md`.
- `assets/`: Directory for assets and contracts files
- `scripts/`: Directory for scripts to deploy and run your assets and contracts
- `tests/`: Directory for test files for testing your assets and contracts
- `algob.config.js`: Algob configuration file

> You can initial project without `infrastructure\` folder by use command:

Reviewer: `initialize project`

> You can initial project without `infrastructure\` folder by use command:

Reviewer 2: updated

```bash
algob init my-project --no-infrastructure
```

A `sample-project` is provided for your reference.

> Further information about the `sample-project` can be found [here](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/packages/algob/sample-project/js/README.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Further information about the `sample-project` can be found in sample project [README](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/packages/algob/sample-project/js/README.md) file.
```
